README.md, before:

# cral-cli

A command line interface that makes registering for courses at Rutgers University easier. Makes use of [Rutgers API](http://api.rutgers.edu/) and [Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer) to poll for openings and register for classes respectively.

![demo-r1.gif](docs/gifs/demo-r1.gif)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system. 

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Node.js 8 or newer installed. You can do so directly [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or use [homebrew](https://changelog.com/posts/install-node-js-with-homebrew-on-os-x) if you're on macOS.

### Installing

#### Github
Clone the repository to keep up with the latest changes.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli.git
```

Change directory to the cloned repository and create a symlink so you can run the cli anywhere

```
$ cd cral-cli
$ npm link
```

## Running the tests
This project uses Jest for tests.

```
$ npm test
```


## Usage
### Set Configuration
**Description:** Set your configuration options. Running the command without any flags to set all settings. Alternatively, you can pass any number of optional flags to only configure specific settings.

**Command:** `cral c` or `cral configure`
 
**Flags:**

- `-u` or `--username` Configure username
- `-p` or `--password` Configure password
- `-y` or `--year` Configure year
- `-t` or `--term` Configure term
- `-c` or `--campus` Configure campus
- `-l` or `--level` Configure level
- `-n` or `--notification` Configure notification
- `-t` or `--timeout` Configure timeout
- `-r` or `--randomization` Configure randomization
- `-c` or `--cloud` Configure cloud
- `-v` or `--verify` Configure index verification

![demo-c.gif](docs/gifs/demo-c.gif)

 
### View Configuration
**Description:** View your configuration settings using `cral d` or `cral display`. By default your password is is hidden - to view it pass in `-p` as a flag.

**Command:** `cral d` or `cral configure`

**Flags:**

- `-p` or `--password` Display password

![demo-d.gif](docs/gifs/demo-d.gif)

### Register for Course
**Description:** Register for a course by using `cral r` and following the prompts or directly passing in the index and time - `cral r <index #> -t <time to run in minutes>`. If the verify index option is turned on, cral will attempt to look up the index passed and display the section information along with a confomation prompt. Then, the program will check for a course opening on an interval defined by `timeout` and `randomization` (in configurations) and attempts to register if an opening is detected. Upon a successful registration or unexpected error, a screenshot will be taken and it's path outputted.

**Command:** `cral register [index]` or `cral r [index]`

**Flags:**

- `-t <time>` Sets the amount of time you want the program to run. Note: this flag is ignored if you do not directly pass the index.
- `-v` or `--verbose` Log more information to console.
-  `-d` or `--debug` Runs puppeteer in non-headless mode.

**Note:**
 
- Not passing a time `-t <time>` to run when passing in the index directly results in no time limit.


![demo-r2.gif](docs/gifs/demo-r2.gif)


### Help
Run `cral -h` or `cral --help` for instructions on how to use the cli.

## What's Next
 - Registration for multiple indexes
 - Ability to drop certain conflicting classes when registering
 - More comprehensive tests

## Deployment

If you're running this on a cloud environment such as Heroku, CodeAnywhere, or Cloud9, make sure to set the configuration setting `cloud` to true.

## Built With

-   [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev) - A Node library to control Chrome/Chromium
-   [Commander.js](https://github.com/tj/commander.js/) - Library for command line interfaces
-   [Inquier.js](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/) - Provided interactive command line prompts

## Contributing

This is an open source project so feel free to fork and/or contribute at anytime. This project uses the fork and pull request workflow. 

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli/tags). 


## Authors

-   **Ray Sy** - _Initial work_ - [fireteam99](https://github.com/fireteam99)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

- Shout-out to [Terminalize](https://github.com/faressoft/terminalizer) for the dope command line screenshots

Commit message:

added way to install using npm in readme

README.md, after:

# cral-cli

A command line interface that makes registering for courses at Rutgers University easier. Makes use of [Rutgers API](http://api.rutgers.edu/) and [Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer) to poll for openings and register for classes respectively.

![demo-r1.gif](docs/gifs/demo-r1.gif)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system. 

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have Node.js 8 or newer installed. You can do so directly [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) or use [homebrew](https://changelog.com/posts/install-node-js-with-homebrew-on-os-x) if you're on macOS.

### Installing

#### NPM
Install the package globally so you can run it anywhere.

```
$ npm i cral-cli -g
```

#### Github
Clone the repository to keep up with the latest changes.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli.git
```

Change directory to the cloned repository and create a symlink so you can run the cli anywhere

```
$ cd cral-cli
$ npm link
```

## Running the tests
This project uses Jest for tests.

```
$ npm test
```

## Usage
### Set Configuration
**Description:** Set your configuration options. Running the command without any flags to set all settings. Alternatively, you can pass any number of optional flags to only configure specific settings.

**Command:** `cral c` or `cral configure`
 
**Flags:**

- `-u` or `--username` Configure username
- `-p` or `--password` Configure password
- `-y` or `--year` Configure year
- `-t` or `--term` Configure term
- `-c` or `--campus` Configure campus
- `-l` or `--level` Configure level
- `-n` or `--notification` Configure notification
- `-t` or `--timeout` Configure timeout
- `-r` or `--randomization` Configure randomization
- `-c` or `--cloud` Configure cloud
- `-v` or `--verify` Configure index verification

![demo-c.gif](docs/gifs/demo-c.gif)

 
### View Configuration
**Description:** View your configuration settings using `cral d` or `cral display`. By default your password is is hidden - to view it pass in `-p` as a flag.

**Command:** `cral d` or `cral configure`

**Flags:**

- `-p` or `--password` Display password

![demo-d.gif](docs/gifs/demo-d.gif)

### Register for Course
**Description:** Register for a course by using `cral r` and following the prompts or directly passing in the index and time - `cral r <index #> -t <time to run in minutes>`. If the verify index option is turned on, cral will attempt to look up the index passed and display the section information along with a confomation prompt. Then, the program will check for a course opening on an interval defined by `timeout` and `randomization` (in configurations) and attempts to register if an opening is detected. Upon a successful registration or unexpected error, a screenshot will be taken and it's path outputted.

**Command:** `cral register [index]` or `cral r [index]`

**Flags:**

- `-t <time>` Sets the amount of time you want the program to run. Note: this flag is ignored if you do not directly pass the index.
- `-v` or `--verbose` Log more information to console.
-  `-d` or `--debug` Runs puppeteer in non-headless mode.

**Note:**
 
- Not passing a time `-t <time>` to run when passing in the index directly results in no time limit.


![demo-r2.gif](docs/gifs/demo-r2.gif)


### Help
Run `cral -h` or `cral --help` for instructions on how to use the cli.

## What's Next
 - Registration for multiple indexes
 - Ability to drop certain conflicting classes when registering
 - More comprehensive tests

## Deployment

If you're running this on a cloud environment such as Heroku, CodeAnywhere, or Cloud9, make sure to set the configuration setting `cloud` to true.

## Built With

-   [Puppeteer](https://pptr.dev) - A Node library to control Chrome/Chromium
-   [Commander.js](https://github.com/tj/commander.js/) - Library for command line interfaces
-   [Inquier.js](https://github.com/SBoudrias/Inquirer.js/) - Provided interactive command line prompts
-   [node-notifier](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-notifier) - Live notifications for Node.js

## Contributing

This is an open source project so feel free to fork and/or contribute at anytime. This project uses the fork and pull request workflow. 

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli/tags). 


## Authors

-   **Ray Sy** - _Initial work_ - [fireteam99](https://github.com/fireteam99)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/fireteam99/cral-cli/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

- Shout-out to [Terminalize](https://github.com/faressoft/terminalizer) for the dope command line screenshots
